megahit update (#769)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

### `Fixed`

> - [#769](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/769) - Fix megahit not emitting correct filenames - cause incorrect syntax (reported and fix by @IceGreb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#769](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/769) - Fix megahit not emitting correct filenames due to suboptimal arguments ordering (reported and fix by @IceGreb)
```
